Dicas Rage Racer :
Extra palette colors: In customize menu, team logo, paint, hold all of four
                      shoulder buttons (L1+L2+R1+R2)+Select. If done correctly,
                      will appear the RGB (Red, Green, Blue) scale to the right.
                      The 0 correspond to “White” and the 255 correspond to
                      “Black”. Pressing Select will show the guide markers and
                      zoom the paint. Press Up or Down for change the palette
                      and Press R2+Up or Down change the value.

Manipulate the Team Logo:Hold L1 to slide the image around
                         Hold R buttons (R1+R2) then Right to flip horizontally
                         Hold R buttons (R1+R2) then Left to flip vertically
                         Hold R buttons (R1+R2) then Up to rotate 90 deg one way
                         Hold R buttons then Down to rotate 90 deg the other way

Mirrored tracks: After pressed “Race Start”, press L1+R1+Select+Start until the
                 race begins. The track will be a mirrored image of the track

Rear view mirror: Pause the game and press Triangle+L1 to remove the rear view
                  mirror and press Triangle+R1 to restore the rear view mirror

Alter track/car view: Press L1 to spin the track/car faster, press R1 to spin
                      the track/car slower

Alter car’s front wheels: Press L2 to steer the car’s wheels to the left and
                          press R2 to steer the car’s wheels to the right

Soundtrack: If you put the game CD in any CD player, like others Ridge Racers,
            you can listen the game soundtrack

Part II: Glitches
This part contain the only glitch of the game: the Speed Glitch

Speed Glitch: For perform this glitch you must use the Manual Transmission [MT
              (why if you use the Automatic Transmission [AT], you can’t perform
              this glitch). At the race beginning, rev your car to max holding
              also the brake (Square in preset configuration) and when you go,
              go to last or penultimate gear and release the brake. If done
              correctly, you will reach the top speed in less of one second,
              driving extremely fast.

Part III: Bonuses
This part contains the bonuses of the game

Deep Drive song: Earn 5 Gold trophies

Max and unlimited money: Complete the Grade 5 Grand Prix. Save and re-enter to
                         the Grand Prix. You must have max money (999999999eg)
                         and unlimited money
